we are going to the moon
[Music]
i just got a lot on the line here i mean
i screwed up my whole life
that's why i need to get to the moon i
go up to the moon i'm a hero
i'm with you kev let's show nasa that we
know what we're doing
our water tank is empty i've started up
the urine recycling
machine that is very salty
welcome to moon base eight this is a
very valuable nasa research project
launch sequence beginning in nine eight
nine seven eight six
five stand by let's sing four abort
three
stand by cap launching no no no no no no
no no no no
yeah everyone's talking about going to
the next level when are we gonna go to
the next level maybe we're never going
out
we have to show nasa that we can work as
a team
cracking your helmet there initiate
helmet breach protocol helicopter we
have a helmet bruce don't you leave my
body on the moon i'm not losing you damn
it
why did you want to go to the moon carry
on the legacy of my father
dr hannah the first the astronaut to
help spread the gospel of jesus christ
out into the universe
we've all had failed marriages we've all
had helicopter tour businesses go belly
up because we didn't pay our taxes
that's why i love you guys we're
dedicated to a mission that's beyond our
ability
but we're gonna try anyway right
[Music]
we are going to the moon
take your boots off before you go up on
the table though well
can you just have his moment here give
me a hand down you can go back up just
take your boots off
[Applause]
[Music]